Update project to run on Django 5.2 (#122)
grnet/djnro: docs/installation/install.md

```
This will allow DjNRO to cache files larger than one Megabyte.

## Account Registration Salt (DjNRO Version 1.3.1 and Later)

DjNRO version 1.3.1 updates the project from running on Django 4.2 to Django 5.2. This required updating the package `django-registration` from version 3.4 to version 5.2.1.

However, a consequence of this change is that the account registration and activation flow changed between package versions. To make DjNRO work with this change, a new setting has been added called `REGISTRATION_SALT`.

This setting is used during the creation of activation keys for new users. For more information about this setting, refer to [the django-registration documentarion](https://django-registration.readthedocs.io/en/stable/activation-workflow.html#security-considerations).

> This setting is defined in the file `settings.py`. If you wish to overwrite this value, you can redefine the setting in `local_settings.py`. Changing this setting is not *strictly* necessary, as per the django-registration documentation. However, we **STRONGLY** recommend changing the default value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While `settings.py` provides a fallback value for this setting  and changing it is not *strictly* necessary, we *strongly* recommend overriding the value in `local_settings.py` to a locally generated value.  The current version of the `local_settings.py.dist` template includes a place-holder for this value.
```
